c:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\TestConsole\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.exe
C:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\TestConsole\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.deps.json
C:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\TestConsole\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\TestConsole\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\TestConsole\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.dll
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\TestConsole\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.pdb
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\TestConsole\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\TestConsole\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\TestConsole\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\TestConsole\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.dll
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\TestConsole\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.pdb
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\CodingProjects\TestConsole\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.exe
C:\Users\shapi\Documents\CodingProjects\TestConsole\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.deps.json
C:\Users\shapi\Documents\CodingProjects\TestConsole\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\shapi\Documents\CodingProjects\TestConsole\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\CodingProjects\TestConsole\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.dll
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\CodingProjects\TestConsole\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.pdb
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\CodingProjects\TestConsole\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\CodingProjects\TestConsole\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\CodingProjects\TestConsole\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\CodingProjects\TestConsole\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.dll
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\CodingProjects\TestConsole\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.pdb
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\testProblem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.exe
C:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\testProblem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.deps.json
C:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\testProblem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\testProblem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\testProblem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.dll
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\testProblem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.pdb
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\testProblem\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\testProblem\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\testProblem\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\testProblem\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.dll
c:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\testProblem\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.pdb
C:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\testProblem\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\shapi\Documents\Coding Projects\testProblem\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\TestConsole.genruntimeconfig.cache
